OPEN GAME LICENSE
The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and is Copyright 2000
Wizards of the Coast, Inc ("Wizards"). All Rights Reserved.
1. Definitions: (a) "Contributors" means the copyright and/or trademark owners who have
contributed Open Game Content; (b) "Derivative Material" means copyrighted material including
derivative works and translations (including into other computer languages), potation, modification,
correction, addition, extension, upgrade, improvement, compilation, abridgment or other form in
which an existing work may be recast, transformed or adapted; (c) "Distribute" means to reproduce,
license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast, publicly display, transmit or otherwise distribute; (d) "Open
Game Content" means the game mechanic and includes the methods, procedures, processes and
routines to the extent such content does not embody the Product Identity and is an enhancement
over the prior art and any additional content clearly identified as Open Game Content by the
Contributor, and means any work covered by this License, including translations and derivative
works under copyright law, but specifically excludes Product Identity. (e) "Product Identity" means
product and product line names, logos and identifying marks including trade dress; artifacts;
creatures, characters; stories, storylines, plots, thematic elements, dialogue, incidents, language,
artwork, symbols, designs, depictions, likenesses, formats, poses, concepts, themes and graphic,
photographic and other visual or audio representations; names and descriptions of characters,
spells, enchantments, personalities, teams, personas, likenesses and special abilities; places,
locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical or supernatural abilities or effects, logos,
symbols, or graphic designs; and any other trademark or registered trademark clearly identified as
Product identity by the owner of the Product Identity, and which specifically excludes the Open
Game Content; (f) "Trademark" means the logos, names, mark, sign, motto, designs that are used
by a Contributor to identify itself or its products or the associated products contributed to the
Open Game License by the Contributor (g) "Use", "Used" or "Using" means to use, Distribute, copy,
edit, format, modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative Material of Open Game Content. (h)
"You" or "Your" means the licensee in terms of this agreement.
2. The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content that contains a notice
indicating that the Open Game Content may only be Used under and in terms of this License.
You must affix such a notice to any Open Game Content that you Use. No terms may be added
to or subtracted from this License except as described by the License itself. No other terms or
conditions may be applied to any Open Game Content distributed using this License.
3. Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You indicate Your acceptance
of the terms of this License.
4. Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use this License, the
Contributors grant You a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license with the exact
terms of this License to Use, the Open Game Content.
5. Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are contributing original material as
Open Game Content, You represent that Your Contributions are Your original creation and/or
You have sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License.
6. Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT NOTICE portion of
this License to include the exact text of the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content
You are copying, modifying or distributing, and You must add the title, the copyright date, and
the copyright holder's name to the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any original Open Game Content
you Distribute.
7. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product Identity, including as an
indication as to compatibility, except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement
with the owner of each element of that Product Identity. You agree not to indicate compatibility
or co-adaptability with any Trademark in conjunction with a work containing Open Game
Content except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of
such Trademark. The use of any Product Identity in Open Game Content does not constitute a
challenge to the ownership of that Product Identity. The owner of any Product Identity used in
Open Game Content shall retain all rights, title and interest in and to that Product Identity.
8. Identification: If you distribute Open Game Content You must clearly indicate which
portions of the work that you are distributing are Open Game Content.
9. Updating the License: Wizards or its designated Agents may publish updated versions of
this License. You may use any authorized version of this License to copy, modify and distribute
any Open Game Content originally distributed under any version of this License.
10. Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License with every copy of the
Open Game Content You Distribute.
11. Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise the Open Game Content
using the name of any Contributor unless You have written permission from the Contributor
to do so.
12. Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this
License with respect to some or all of the Open Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or
governmental regulation then You may not Use any Open Game Material so affected.
13. Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with all
terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All
sublicenses shall survive the termination of this License.
14. Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision
shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.
15. COPYRIGHT NOTICE: Open Game License v1.0a Copyright 2000, Wizards of
the Coast, Inc. System Rules Document Copyright 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.; Authors
Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax and
Dave Arneson. Spycraft 2.0 Rulebook, Copyright 2005, Alderac Entertainment Group, Inc.;
Authors Alexander Flagg, Scott Gearin, and Patrick Kapera. Spycraft Espionage Handbook
Copyright 2002, Alderac Entertainment Group, Inc.; Authors Patrick Kapera and Kevin Wilson.
OPEN GAME CONTENT
This release of Fantasy Craft is done under version 1.0a of the Open Game License and
the draft version of the d20 System Trademark License, d20 System Trademark Logo Guide and
System Reference Document by permission of Wizards of the Coast. Subsequent releases of this
document will incorporate final versions of the license, guide and document.
Crafty Games' intention is to open up as much of this product as possible to be used as
Open Game Content (OGC), while maintaining Product Identity (PI) to all aspects of the Fantasy
Craft intellectual property. Publishers who wish to use the OGC materials from this release are
encouraged to contact pat@crafty-games.com if they have any questions or concerns about
reproducing material from this product in other OGL works. Crafty Games would appreciate
anyone using OGC material from this product in other OGL works to kindly reference Fantasy
Craft as the source of that material within the text of their work. Open Game Content may only
be used under and in accordance with the terms of the OGL as fully set forth in the opposite
column.

DESIGNATION OF PRODUCT IDENTITY: The following items are hereby designated as
Product Identity in accordance with section 1(e) of the Open Game License, version 1.0a: Any
and all Fantasy Craft logos and identifying marks and trade dress, including all Fantasy Craft
product and product line names including but not limited to The Fantasy Craft Rulebook, The
Fantasy Craft World Builder's Guide, The Fantasy Craft Primer, Call to Arms, Cloak and Dagger,
Epoch, Godspawn, Sunchaser, The Darkest Hour, The Cleansing of Black Spur, the Toolkit series,
website support materials (including, but not limited to, all free game support items such as
adventures and the Errata Document), and all Fantasy Craft logos; any elements of any Fantasy
Craft setting, including but not limited to capitalized names, monster names, magic item names,
spell names, organization names, Faction names, project names, characters, monsters, magic
items, spells, historic events, and organizations; any and all stories, storylines, plots, thematic
elements, documents within the game world, quotes from characters or documents, and dialogue;
and all artwork, logos, symbols, designs, depictions, illustrations, maps and cartography,
likenesses, and poses, except such elements that already appear in the d20 System Reference
Document and are already OGC by virtue of appearing there. The above Product Identity is not
Open Game Content.

DESIGNATION OF OPEN CONTENT: Subject to the Product Identity designation above,
all portions of Fantasy Craft are designated as Open Game Content.
USE OF MATERIAL AS OPEN GAME CONTENT: It is the clear and expressed intent of
Crafty Games to add all classes, skills, feats, gear, and NPC statistics contained in this volume
to the canon of Open Game Content for free use pursuant to the Open Game License by future
Open Game publishers.
Some of the portions of this product which are delineated OGC originate from the System
Reference Document and are C 1999, 2000 Wizards of the Coast, Inc. The remainder of these
OGC portions of this book are hereby added to Open Game Content and if so used, should bear
the COPYRIGHT NOTICE: "Fantasy Craft Copyright 2009, Crafty Games."
The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to
the trademark or copyright concerned.
'd20 System' and the 'd20 System' logo are Trademarks owned by Wizards of the Coast and
are used according to the terms of the d20 System License version 1.0a. A copy of this License
can be found at www.wizards.com.
Dungeons & DragonsR and Wizards of the CoastR are registered trademarks of Wizards of
the Coast, and are used with permission.
All contents of this release, regardless of designation, are copyrighted year 2009 by Crafty
Games. All rights reserved. Reproduction or use without the written permission of the publisher
is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of review of use consistent with the limited license
above.