Open Game License Version 1.0a
The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and is Copyright 2000 Wizards of the Coast,
Inc ("Wizards"). All Rights Reserved.
1. Definitions: (a)"Contributors" means the copyright and/or trademark owners who have contributed
Open Game Content; (b)"Derivative Material" means copyrighted material including derivative works
and translations (including into other computer languages), potation, modification, correction, addition,
extension, upgrade, improvement, compilation, abridgment or other form in which an existing work may
be recast, transformed or adapted;C "Distribute" means to reproduce, license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast,
publicly display, transmit or otherwise distribute; (d)"Open Game Content" means the game mechanic and
includes the methods, procedures, processes and routines to the extent such content does not embody the
Product Identity and is an enhancement over the prior art and any additional content clearly identified as
Open Game Content by the Contributor, and means any work covered by this License, including translations
and derivative works under copyright law, but specifically excludes Product Identity. (e) "Product Identity"
means product and product line names, logos and identifying marks including trade dress; artifacts; creatures
characters; stories, storylines, plots, thematic elements, dialogue, incidents, language, artwork, symbols,
designs, depictions, likenesses, formats, poses, concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and other visual
or audio representations; names and descriptions of characters, spells, enchantments, personalities, teams,
personas, likenesses and special abilities; places, locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical or
supernatural abilities or effects, logos, symbols, or graphic designs; and any other trademark or registered
trademark clearly identified as Product identity by the owner of the Product Identity, and which specifically
excludes the Open Game Content; (f) "Trademark" means the logos, names, mark, sign, motto, designs that
are used by a Contributor to identify itself or its products or the associated products contributed to the Open
Game License by the Contributor (g) "Use", "Used" or "Using" means to use, Distribute, copy, edit, format,
modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative Material of Open Game Content. (h) "You" or "Your"
means the licensee in terms of this agreement.
2. The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content that contains a notice indicating that
the Open Game Content may only be Used under and in terms of this License. You must affix such a notice
to any Open Game Content that you Use. No terms may be added to or subtracted from this License except
as described by the License itself. No other terms or conditions may be applied to any Open Game Content
distributed using this License.
3. Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You indicate Your acceptance of the
terms of this License.
4. Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use this License, the Contributors
grant You a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license with the exact terms of this License
to Use, the Open Game Content.
5. Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are contributing original material as Open
Game Content, You represent that Your Contributions are Your original creation and/or You have sufficient
rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License.
6. Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT NOTICE portion of this License
to include the exact text of the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You are copying,
modifying or distributing, and You must add the title, the copyright date, and the copyright holder's name to
the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any original Open Game Content you Distribute.
7. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product Identity, including as an indication as
to compatibility, except as expressly licensed in another, independant Agreement with the owner of each element
of that Product Identity. You agree not to indicate compatibility or co-adaptability with any Trademark
or Registered Trademark in conjunction with a work containing Open Game Content except as expressly
licensed in another, independant Agreement with the owner of such Trademark or Registered Trademark.
The use of any Product Identity in Open Game Content does not constitute a challenge to the ownership of
that Product Identity. The owner of any Product Identity used in Open Game Content shall retain all rights,
title and interest in and to that Product Identity.
8. Identification: If you distribute Open Game Content You must clearly indicate which portions of
the work that you are distributing are Open Game Content.
9. Updating the License: Wizards or its designated Agents may publish updated versions of this License.
You may use any authorized version of this License to copy, modify and distribute any Open Game
Content originally distributed under any version of this License.
10 Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License with every copy of the Open Game
Content You Distribute.
11. Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise the Open Game Content using the
name of any Contributor unless You have written permission from the Contributor to do so.
12. Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License
with respect to some or all the Open Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or governmental regulation
then You may not Use any Open Game Material so affected.
13. Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with all terms herein
and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses shall survive the
termination of this License.
14. Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be
reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.
15. COPYRIGHT NOTICE: Open Game License v 1.0a © 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.
System Reference Document. © 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.; Authors Jonathan Tweet, Monte
Cook, Skip Williams, based on material by E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.
Pathfinder RPG Core Rulebook. © 2009, Paizo Inc.; Author: Jason Bulmahn, based on material by
Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, and Skip Williams.
Anger of Angels. © 2003, Sean K Reynolds.
The Book of Experimental Might. © 2008, Monte J. Cook. All rights reserved.
Book of Fiends. © 2003, Green Ronin Publishing; Authors: Aaron Loeb, Erik Mona, Chris Pramas,
Robert J. Schwalb.
The Book of Hallowed Might. © 2002, Monte J. Cook.
Monte Cook's Arcana Unearthed. © 2003, Monte J. Cook.
Path of the Magi. © 2002 Citizen Games/Troll Lord Games; Authors: Mike McArtor, W. Jason Peck,
Jeff Quick, and Sean K Reynolds.
Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Advanced Class Guide. © 2014, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Dennis
Baker, Ross Byers, Jesse Benner,Savannah Broadway, Jason Bulmahn, Jim Groves, Tim Hitchcock, Tracy
Hurley, Jonathan H. Keith, Will McCardell, Dale C. McCoy, Jr., Tom Phillips, Stephen Radney-MacFarland,
Thomas M. Reid, Sean K Reynolds, Tork Shaw, Owen K.C. Stephens, and Russ Taylor
Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Advanced Player's Guide. © 2009, Paizo Publishing, LLC; Author:
Jason Bulhman.
Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Ultimate Combat. © 2011, Paizo Publishing, LLC; Authors:
Dennis Baker, Jesse Benner, Benjamin Bruck, Jason Bulmahn, Brian J. Cortijo, Jim Groves, Tim Hitchcock,
Richard A. Hunt, Colin McComb, Jason Nelson, Tom Phillips, Patrick Renie, Sean K Reynolds, and Russ
Taylor.
Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Ultimate Magic. © 2011, Paizo Publishing, LLC; Authors: Jason
Bulmahn, Tim Hitchcock, Colin McComb, Rob McCreary, Jason Nelson, Stephen Radney-MacFarland,
Sean K Reynolds, Owen K.C. Stephens, and Russ Taylor.
Skreyn's Register: The Bonds of Magic. © 2002, Sean K Reynolds.
Tome of Horrors. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Authors: Scott Greene, with Clark Peterson,
Erica Balsley, Kevin Baase, Casey Christofferson, Lance Hawvermale, Travis Hawvermale, Patrick Lawinger,
and Bill Webb; Based on original content from TSR
Ice Golem from the Tome of Horrors. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene.
Iron Cobra from the Tome of Horrors. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene,
based on original material by Philip Masters.
Shadow Demon from the Tome of Horrors. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott
Greene, based on original material by Neville White.
Wood Golem from the Tome of Horrors. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Authors: Scott
Greene and Patrick Lawinger.
Demodand, Slime from the Tome of Horrors Complete © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc.,
published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary
Gygax.
Forlarren from the Tome of Horrors Complete © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and
distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Hangman Tree from the Tome of Horrors Complete © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published
and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Rot Grub from the Tome of Horrors Complete © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and
distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Troll, Ice from the Tome of Horrors Complete © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and
distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Troll, Rock from the Tome of Horrors Complete © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published
and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Yellow Musk Creeper from the Tome of Horrors Complete © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc.,
published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary
Gygax.
Angel, Monadic Deva from the Tome of Horrors, Revised. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.;
Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.
Angel, Movanic Deva from the Tome of Horrors, Revised. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.;
Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.
Brownie from the Tome of Horrors, Revised. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott
Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.
Daemon, Ceustodaemon (Guardian Daemon) from the Tome of Horrors, Revised. © 2002,
Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.
Daemon, Derghodaemon from the Tome of Horrors, Revised. © 2002, Necromancer Games,
Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.
Daemon, Hydrodaemon from the Tome of Horrors, Revised. © 2002, Necromancer Games,
Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.
Daemon, Piscodaemon from the Tome of Horrors, Revised. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.;
Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.
Froghemoth from the Tome of Horrors. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene,
based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.
Marid from the Tome of Horrors III. © 2005, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene.
Mihstu from the Tome of Horrors, Revised. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott
Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.
Nabasu Demon from the Tome of Horrors. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott
Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.
Necrophidius from the Tome of Horrors, Revised. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author:
Scott Greene, based on original material by Simon Tillbrook.
Sandman from the Tome of Horrors, Revised. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott
Greene, based on original material by Roger Musson.
Scarecrow from the Tome of Horrors, Revised. © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott
Greene, based on original material by Roger Musson.
Dragon Companion Handbook. © 2014, Everyman Gaming, LLC.; Author: Alexander Augunas.
Leadership Handbook. © 2014, Everyman Gaming, LLC.; Author: Alexander Augunas.

Credits
The following titles are referenced throughout this product. They are the Intellectual Property of their
respective publishers and used with permission.
Age of Electrotech. © 2013, Radiance House. Author(s): Alexander Augunas, Dario Nardi.
In the Company of Dragons. © 2014, Rite Publishing. Author(s): Wendall Roy.
Genius Guide to the Dragonrider. © 2009, Rogue Genius Games. Author: Owen K.C. Stephens.
Liber Influxus Communis © 2014, Amora Game; Authors: Greg LaRose, Alex Augunas, Bradley
Crouch, Daron Woodson, Eric Morton, Michael Sayre, Mike Myler, Morgan, Boehringer, Scott Gladstein,
Wayne Capena, Will McCardell, Wojciech Gruchala.
Pact Magic Unbound, Vol 1. © 2012, Radiance House. Author(s): Alexander Augunas, Dario Nardi.
