Open Game License
THIS LICENSE IS APPROVED FOR GENERAL USE. PERMISSION TO DISTRIBUTE THIS
LICENSE IS MADE BY WIZARDS OF THE COAST!
OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a
The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and is Copyright 2000 Wizards of
the Coast, Inc (“Wizards”). All Rights Reserved.
1. Definitions: (a)”Contributors” means the copyright and/or trademark owners who have
contributed Open Game Content; (b)”Derivative Material” means copyrighted material
including derivative works and translations (including into other computer languages), potation,
modification, correction, addition, extension, upgrade, improvement, compilation, abridgement
or other form in which an existing work may be recast, transformed or adapted; (c) “Distribute”
means to reproduce, license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast, publicly display, transmit or otherwise
distribute; (d)”Open Game Content” means the game mechanic and includes the methods,
procedures, processes and routines to the extent such content does not embody the Product
Identity and is an enhancement over the prior art and any additional content clearly identified as
Open Game Content by the Contributor, and means any work covered by this License, including
translations and derivative works under copyright law, but specifically excludes Product Identity.
(e) “Product Identity” means product and product line names, logos and identifying marks
including trade dress; artifacts; creatures characters; stories, storylines, plots, thematic elements,
dialogue, incidents, language, artwork, symbols, designs, depictions, likenesses, formats, poses,
concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and other visual or audio representations; names and
descriptions of characters, spells, enchantments, personalities, teams, personas, likenesses and
special abilities; places, locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical or supernatural
abilities or effects, logos, symbols, or graphic designs; and any other trademark or registered
trademark clearly identified as Product identity by the owner of the Product Identity, and
which specifically excludes the Open Game Content; (f) “Trademark” means the logos, names,
mark, sign, motto, designs that are used by a Contributor to identify itself or its products or the
associated products contributed to the Open Game License by the Contributor (g) “Use”, “Used”
or “Using” means to use, Distribute, copy, edit, format, modify, translate and otherwise create
Derivative Material of Open Game Content. (h) “You” or “Your” means the licensee in terms of
this agreement.
2. The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content that contains a notice
indicating that the Open Game Content may only be Used under and in terms of this License.
You must affix such a notice to any Open Game Content that you Use. No terms may be added
to or subtracted from this License except as described by the License itself. No other terms or
conditions may be applied to any Open Game Content distributed using this License.
3.Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You indicate Your acceptance of the
terms of this License.
4. Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use this License, the Contributors
grant You a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license with the exact terms of this
License to Use, the Open Game Content.
5.Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are contributing original material as Open
Game Content, You represent that Your Contributions are Your original creation and/or You have
sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License.
6.Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT NOTICE portion of this
License to include the exact text of the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You
are copying, modifying or distributing, and You must add the title, the copyright date, and the
copyright holder’s name to the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any original Open Game Content you
Distribute.
7. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product Identity, including as an indication
as to compatibility, except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the
owner of each element of that Product Identity. You agree not to indicate compatibility or coadaptability
with any Trademark or Registered Trademark in conjunction with a work containing
Open Game Content except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the
owner of such Trademark or Registered Trademark. The use of any Product Identity in Open
Game Content does not constitute a challenge to the ownership of that Product Identity. The
owner of any Product Identity used in Open Game Content shall retain all rights, title and interest
in and to that Product Identity.
8. Identification: If you distribute Open Game Content You must clearly indicate which portions
of the work that you are distributing are Open Game Content.
9. Updating the License: Wizards or its designated Agents may publish updated versions of this
License. You may use any authorized version of this License to copy, modify and distribute any
Open Game Content originally distributed under any version of this License.
10 Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License with every copy of the Open
Game Content You Distribute.
11. Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise the Open Game Content using
the name of any Contributor unless You have written permission from the Contributor to do so.
12 Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this
License with respect to some or all of the Open Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or
governmental regulation then You may not Use any Open Game Material so affected.
13 Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with all
terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All
sublicenses shall survive the termination of this License.
14 Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall
be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.
15 COPYRIGHT NOTICE
Open Game License v 1.0 Copyright 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.
D20 System Rules & Content Copyright 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.; Authors Jonathan
Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax and Dave
Arneson.
Open game content from The Quintessential Ranger copyright 2003, Mongoose Publishing Ltd.
The d20 System® License version 3.0
By downloading the enclosed graphic files and/or by returning the Confirmation Card as
presented in the file “card.pdf,” the Licensee (“You”) accept to be bound by the following terms
and conditions:
1. Copyright & Trademark
Wizards of the Coast, Inc. retains title and ownership of the d20 System trademark logos, the d20
System trademark, and all other copyrights and trademarks claimed by Wizards of the Coast in
The Official Wizards of the Coast d20 System Trademark Logo Guide version 1.0, incorporated
here by reference.
2. License to use
You are hereby granted the non-transferable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the d20
System trademark logos, the d20 System trademark, and certain other trademarks and copyrights
owned by Wizards of the Coast in accordance with the conditions specified in The Official Wizards
of the Coast d20 System Trademark Logo Guide version 1.0. (the “Licensed Articles”)
3. Agreement not to Contest
By making use of and/or distributing material using the d20 System Trademark under the terms
of this License, You agree not to contest the ownership of the Licensed Articles
4. Breach and Cure
In the event that You fail to comply with the terms of this License, You will be considered to be
in breach of this License. Wizards of the Coast will attempt to notify you in writing by sending
a Registered Letter to the address listed on the most recent Confirmation Card on file, if any. You
will have 30 days from the date the notice (the “cure period”) to cure the breach to the satisfaction
of Wizards of the Coast. If no Confirmation Card is on file, you will be considered to be in
breach of this License immediately.
5. Termination
If, at the end of the cure period, the breach is not cured, Wizards of the Coast may terminate this
License without further written notice to You.
6. Effects of Termination
Upon termination, You shall immediately stop all use of the Licensed Articles and will destroy
any inventory or marketing material in Your possession bearing the d20 System Trademark logos.
You will remove any use of the d20 System Trademark logos from your advertising, web site,
letterhead, or any other use. You must instruct any company or individual that You are or become
aware of who is in possession of any materials distributed by You bearing the d20 System
Trademark logos to destroy those materials. You will solely bear any costs related to carrying out
this term of the License.
7. Penalty for Failure to Comply with Termination Instructions
If You fail to comply with the Effects of Termination, Wizards of the Coast may, at its option,
pursue litigation, for which You shall be responsible for all legal costs, against You to the full
extent of the law for breach of contract, copyright and trademark infringement, damages and any
other remedy available.
8. Updates
Wizards of the Coast may issue updates and/or new releases of the d20 System Trademark logos
without prior notice. You will, at the earliest possible opportunity, update all material distributed
by You to use the updated and/or new version of the d20 System Trademark logos. You may
continue to distribute any pre-existing material that bears an older version of the d20 System
Trademark logo.
9. Changes to Terms of the License
Wizards of the Coast may issue updates and/or revisions to this License without prior notice.
You will, at the earliest possible opportunity, conform in all respects to the updated or revised
terms of this License. For a period of 90 days You may continue to distribute any pre-existing
material that complies with a previous version of the License. Thereafter written consent should
be obtained from Wizards of the Coast. Subsequent versions of this License will bear a different
version number.
10. Updates of Licensee information
You may transmit an updated version of the “card.pdf” Confirmation Card at any time to Wizards
of the Coast.
11. Notices to Licensor:
Wizards of the Coast
d20 System License Dept.
PO Box 707
Renton, WA 98057-0707
12. No maintenance or support
Wizards of the Coast shall have no obligation whatsoever to provide You with any kind of maintenance
or support in relation to the d20 System Trademark logos.
13. No Warranty / Disclaimer
THE d20 SYSTEM TRADEMARK LOGO FILES ARE MADE AVAILABLE ON AN “AS
IS” BASIS. WIZARDS OF THE COAST DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR
WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, USE OR MERCHANTABILITY. WIZARDS OF THE COAST MAKES NO
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT THE d20 SYSTEM TRADEMARK LOGO
FILES ARE ERROR-FREE.MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT THE
D20 SYSTEM TRADEMARK LOGO FILES ARE ERROR-FREE.