OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a

The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and is Copyright 2000 Wizards of the Coast, Inc ("Wizards"). All Rights Reserved.

1. Definitions: (a)"Contributors" means the copyright and/or trademark owners who have contributed Open Game Content; (b)"Derivative Material" means copyrighted material including derivative works and translations (including into other computer languages), potation, modification, correction, addition, extension, upgrade, improvement, compilation, abridgment or other form in which an existing work may be recast, transformed or adapted; (c) "Distribute" means to reproduce, license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast, publicly display, transmit or otherwise distribute; (d)"Open Game Content" means the game mechanic and includes the methods, procedures, processes and routines to the extent such content does not embody the Product Identity and is an enhancement over the prior art and any additional content clearly identified as Open Game Content by the Contributor, and means any work covered by this License, including translations and derivative works under copyright law, but specifically excludes Product Identity. (e) "Product Identity" means product and product line names, logos and identifying marks including trade dress; artifacts; creatures characters; stories, storylines, plots, thematic elements, dialogue, incidents, language, artwork, symbols, designs, depictions, likenesses, formats, poses, concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and other visual or audio representations; names and descriptions of characters, spells, enchantments, personalities, teams, personas, likenesses and special abilities; places, locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical or supernatural abilities or effects, logos, symbols, or graphic designs; and any other trademark or registered trademark clearly identified as Product identity by the owner of the Product Identity, and which specifically excludes the Open Game Content; (f) "Trademark" means the logos, names, mark, sign, motto, designs that are used by a Contributor to identify itself or its products or the associated products contributed to the Open Game License by the Contributor (g) "Use", "Used" or "Using" means to use, Distribute, copy, edit, format, modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative Material of Open Game Content. (h) "You" or "Your" means the licensee in terms of this agreement.

2. The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content that contains a notice indicating that the Open Game Content may only be Used under and in terms of this License. You must affix such a notice to any Open Game Content that you Use. No terms may be added to or subtracted from this License except as described by the License itself. No other terms or conditions may be applied to any Open Game Content distributed using this License.

3.Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You indicate Your acceptance of the terms of this License.

4. Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use this License, the Contributors grant You a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license with the exact terms of this License to Use, the Open Game Content.

5.Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are contributing original material as Open Game Content, You represent that Your Contributions are Your original creation and/or You have sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License.

6.Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT NOTICE portion of this License to include the exact text of the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You are copying, modifying or distributing, and You must add the title, the copyright date, and the copyright holder's name to the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any original Open Game Content you Distribute.

7. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product Identity, including as an indication as to compatibility, except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of each element of that Product Identity. You agree not to indicate compatibility or co-adaptability with any Trademark or Registered Trademark in conjunction with a work containing Open Game Content except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of such Trademark or Registered Trademark. The use of any Product Identity in Open Game Content does not constitute a challenge to the ownership of that Product Identity. The owner of any Product Identity used in Open Game Content shall retain all rights, title and interest in and to that Product Identity.

8. Identification: If you distribute Open Game Content You must clearly indicate which portions of the work that you are distributing are Open Game Content.

9. Updating the License: Wizards or its designated Agents may publish updated versions of this License. You may use any authorized version of this License to copy, modify and distribute any Open Game Content originally distributed under any version of this License.

10 Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License with every copy of the Open Game Content You Distribute.

11. Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise the Open Game Content using the name of any Contributor unless You have written permission from the Contributor to do so.

12 Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Open Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or governmental regulation then You may not Use any Open Game Material so affected.

13 Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with all terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses shall survive the termination of this License.

14 Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.

15 COPYRIGHT NOTICE
Open Game License v 1.0a Copyright 2000–2005, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.
System Reference Document Copyright 2000-2005, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.; authors Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams, Rich Baker, Andy Collins, David Noonan, Rich Redman, and Bruce R. Cordell, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.
Pathfinder RPG Core Rulebook. Copyright 2009, Paizo Publishing, LLC; Author: Jason Bulmahn, based on material by Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, and Skip Williams.
The Book of Experimental Might. Copyright 2008, Monte J. Cook. All rights reserved.
Tome of Horrors. Copyright 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Authors: Scott Greene, with Clark Peterson, Erica Balsley, Kevin Baase, Casey Christofferson, Lance Hawvermale, Travis Hawvermale, Patrick Lawinger, and Bill Webb; Based on original content from TSR.
Monte Cook’s Arcana Evolved, Copyright 2005 Monte J. Cook.
Monte Cook’s Arcana Unearthed DM’s Screen and Player’s Guide, Copyright 2003 Monte J. Cook.
The Diamond Throne, Copyright 2003 Monte J. Cook.
Monte Cook’s Arcana Unearthed, Copyright 2003 Monte J. Cook.
Legacy of the Dragons, Copyright 2004 Monte J. Cook.
Mystic Secrets: The Lore of Word and Rune, Copyright 2004 Monte J. Cook.
Akashic Nodes: The Home of Memory, Copyright 2005 Justin D. Jacobson.
Wild Spellcraft Copyright, 2002 ENWorld.
Castlemourn Campaign Setting Copyright 2007, Margaret Weis Productions, Ltd.
E.N. Guild – Monster Hunters’ Guild, Copyright 2005, E.N. Publishing; Author Aeryn Rudel.
Dynasties and Demagogues, Copyright 2003, Trident, Inc. d/b/a Atlas Games; Author Chris Aylott.
Occult Lore, Copyright 2002, Trident, Inc. d/b/a Atlas Games; Authors Keith Baker, Adam Bank, Chris Jones, Scott Reeves, and Elton Robb.
Crime and Punishment, Copyright 2003, Trident Inc. d/b/a Atlas Games; author Keith Baker.
Fading Suns: D20, Copyright 2001, Holistic Design, Inc; Authors Bill Bridges and Andy Harmon.
D20 Modern System Reference Document, Copyright 2002, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.; Authors Bill Slavicsek, Jeff Grubb, Rich Redman, Charles Ryan, based on material by Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams, Richard Baker, Peter Adkison, Bruce R. Cordell, John Tynes, Andy Collins, and JD Wiker.
Traps and Treachery, Copyright 2001, Fantasy Flight Inc.; Authors Greg Benage, Kurt
Brown, Mark Chance, Brian Ferrenz, Lizard, David Lyons, Brian Patterson, Scott Stoecker, Wil Upchurch.
Love and War, Copyright 2004, Trident, Inc. d/b/a Atlas Games; Author David Chart.
Monte Cook’s Arcana Unearthed, Copyright 2003, Monte J. Cook.
Poisoncraft: The Dark Art, Copyright 2004, Justin D. Jacobson.
Skreyn’s Register: The Bonds of Magic, Vol. 1: Cabal and Skreyn’s Register: The Bonds of Magic,Vol. 2: The Faithful Copyright 2002 Sean K Reynolds. All rights reserved.
The Book of Eldritch Might, Book of Eldritch Might II: Songs and Souls of Power, and Book of Eldritch Might III: The Nexus Copyright 2001, 2002 Monte J. Cook. All rights reserved.
50 New Ways to turn things into other things: Transmutation copyright Silven Publishing and Matthew J. Hanson.
50 New Ways to Blow Things Up: Evocation copyright Silven Publishing and Matthew J. Hanson.
Curses! Copyright ©2002 Kosala Ubayasekara. All Rights Reserved. Author Eytan Bernstein
Encyclopedia Arcane: Necromancy - Beyond the Grave Copyright 2001, Mongoose Publishing.
THEE COMPLEAT LIBRUM OV GAR.UDOK.S NECROMANTIC ARTES COPYRIGHT 2002, AMBIENT INC.; AUTHORS M JASON PARENT, DENISE
The Compleat Librum of Gar.Udok.s Necromantic Artes Copyright 2002, Ambient Inc.; Authors M Jason Parent, Denise Robinson, Chester Douglas II
Encyclopaedia Arcane: Necromancy . Beyond the Grave Copyright 2001, Mongoose Publishing.
Spells & Spellcraft Copyright 2002, Fantasy Flight, Inc.
Joe.s Book of Enchantment Copyright 2002, Joseph Mucchiello, Jr. Published by Throwing Dice Games.
Plexus - Potent Portals Copyright 2002 Mark Alexander Clover.
Plexus -Open Spells Collection Copyright 2002 Mark Alexander Clover.
Interludes: Brief Expeditions to Bluffside Copyright 2001,
Thunderhead Games, Inc., and Mystic Eye Games, LLC.
Bluffside: City on the Edge Copyright 2002, Thunderhead Games, Inc., and Mystic Eye Games, LLC.
Original Spell Name Compendium Copyright 2002 Clark Peterson; based on NPC-named spells from the Player’s Handbook that were renamed in the System Reference Document. The Compendium can be found on the legal page of www.necromancergames.com.
Eldritch Sorcery Copyright 2005, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Authors Patrick Lawinger, Scott Greene, and David Mannes, with Erica Balsley, Chris Bernhardt, Casey W. Christofferson, Bill Collins, Jim Collura, Chad Coulter, Patrick Goulah, Skeeter Green, Jeff Harkness, Lance Hawvermale, Travis Hawvermale, Richard Hughes, Robert Hunter, Al Krombach, Rob Mason, Matt McGee, Clark Peterson, Michael Proteau, Greg Ragland, Gary Schotter, Joe Walmsley, and Bill Webb.
101 1st Level spells copyright 2010 Steven D. Russell Author: Steven D. Russell
PCGen dataset conversion for the "101 1st Level spells" Copyright 2010, PCgen Data team (Including, but not limited to Paul Grosse (Nylanfs))