OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a
The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and is Copyright 2000 Wizards of the Coast,
Inc (“Wizards”). All Rights Reserved.

1. Definitions: (a)”Contributors” means the copyright and/or trademark owners who have contributed
Open Game Content; (b)”Derivative Material” means copyrighted material including derivative works
and translations (including into other computer languages), potation, modification, correction, addition,
extension, upgrade, improvement, compilation, abridgment or other form in which an existing work may
be recast, transformed or adapted; (c) “Distribute” means to reproduce, license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast,
publicly display, transmit or otherwise distribute; (d)”Open Game Content” means the game mechanic and
includes the methods, procedures, processes and routines to the extent such content does not embody the
Product Identity and is an enhancement over the prior art and any additional content clearly identified as
Open Game Content by the Contributor, and means any work covered by this License, including translations
and derivative works under copyright law, but specifically excludes Product Identity. (e) “Product Identity”
means product and product line names, logos and identifying marks including trade dress; artifacts; creatures
characters; stories, storylines, plots, thematic elements, dialogue, incidents, language, artwork, symbols,
designs, depictions, likenesses, formats, poses, concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and other visual
or audio representations; names and descriptions of characters, spells, enchantments, personalities, teams,
personas, likenesses and special abilities; places, locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical or
supernatural abilities or effects, logos, symbols, or graphic designs; and any other trademark or registered
trademark clearly identified as Product identity by the owner of the Product Identity, and which specifically
excludes the Open Game Content; (f) “Trademark” means the logos, names, mark, sign, motto, designs that
are used by a Contributor to identify itself or its products or the associated products contributed to the Open
Game License by the Contributor (g) “Use”, “Used” or “Using” means to use, Distribute, copy, edit, format,
modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative Material of Open Game Content. (h) “You” or “Your” means
the licensee in terms of this agreement.

2. The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content that contains a notice indicating that the
Open Game Content may only be Used under and in terms of this License. You must affix such a notice to
any Open Game Content that you Use. No terms may be added to or subtracted from this License except as
described by the License itself. No other terms or conditions may be applied to any Open Game Content
distributed using this License.

3.Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You indicate Your acceptance of the terms of
this License.

4. Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use this License, the Contributors grant You a
perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license with the exact terms of this License to Use, the
Open Game Content.

5.Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are contributing original material as Open Game Content,
You represent that Your Contributions are Your original creation and/or You have sufficient rights to grant
the rights conveyed by this License.

6.Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT NOTICE portion of this License to
include the exact text of the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You are copying, modifying
or distributing, and You must add the title, the copyright date, and the copyright holder’s name to the
COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any original Open Game Content you Distribute.

7. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product Identity, including as an indication as to
compatibility, except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of each element
of that Product Identity. You agree not to indicate compatibility or co-adaptability with any Trademark
or Registered Trademark in conjunction with a work containing Open Game Content except as expressly
licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of such Trademark or Registered Trademark. The
use of any Product Identity in Open Game Content does not constitute a challenge to the ownership of that
Product Identity. The owner of any Product Identity used in Open Game Content shall retain all rights, title
and interest in and to that Product Identity.

8. Identification: If you distribute Open Game Content You must clearly indicate which portions of the work
that you are distributing are Open Game Content.

9. Updating the License: Wizards or its designated Agents may publish updated versions of this License.
You may use any authorized version of this License to copy, modify and distribute any Open Game Content
originally distributed under any version of this License.

10 Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License with every copy of the Open Game
Content You Distribute.

11. Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise the Open Game Content using the name of
any Contributor unless You have written permission from the Contributor to do so.

12 Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect
to some or all of the Open Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or governmental regulation then You
may not Use any Open Game Material so affected.

13 Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with all terms herein and
fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses shall survive the
termination of this License.

14 Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed
only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.

15 COPYRIGHT NOTICE
Open Game License v 1.0 Copyright 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.

System Reference Document Copyright 2000-2003, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.; Authors Jonathan Tweet,
Monte Cook, Skip Williams, Rich Baker, Andy Collins, David Noonan, Rich Redman, Bruce R. Cordell, John
D. Rateliff, Thomas Reid, James Wyatt, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.

Modern System Reference Document Copyright 2002-2004, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.; Authors Bill
Slavicsek, Jeff Grubb, Rich Redman, Charles Ryan, Eric Cagle, David Noonan, Stan!, Christopher Perkins,
Rodney Thompson, and JD Wiker, based on material by Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams,
Richard Baker, Peter Adkison, Bruce R. Cordell, John Tynes, Andy Collins, and JD Wiker.

Unearthed Arcana, Copyright 2004, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.

Spear of the Lohgin, Copyright 2000, Paradigm Concepts, Inc.

Blood Reign of Nishanpur, Copyright 2001, Paradigm Concepts, Inc

Bloody Sands of Sicaris, Copyright 2001, Paradigm Concepts, Inc,

Codex Arcanis, Copyright 2001, Paradigm Concepts, Inc,

Encyclopedia Arcane: Necromancy, Copyright 2001, Mongoose Publishing

Encyclopedia Arcane: Illusion, Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing

Nyambe: African Adventures, Copyright 2002, Atlas Games

Forged in Magic, Copyright 2002, Paradigm Concepts, Inc.

Gar’Udaks Necromantic Artes – Copyright 2002, Ambient

Librium Equitis, Copyright 2001, Ambient

Lords of the Peaks, Copyright 2002, Paradigm Concepts, Inc

Carnival of Swords, Copyright 2002, Paradigm Concepts, Inc

Eldest Sons, Copyright 2002, Paradigm Concepts, Inc

Path of Magic, Copyright 2002, Fantasy Flight Games

Path of Faith, Copyright 2002, Fantasy Flight Games

Death in Freeport, Copyright 2000, Green Ronin Publishing

Terror in Freeport, Copyright 2001, Green Ronin Publishing

Madness in Freeport, Copyright 2001, Green Ronin Publishing

Secret College of Necromancy, Copyright 2002, Green Ronin Publishing

Freeport City of Adventure, Copyright 2002, Green Ronin Publishing

Book of the Righteous, The, Copyright 2002, Green Ronin Publishing

Mutants and Masterminds, Copyright 2003, Green Ronin Publishing

Hammer & Helm, Copyright 2002, Green Ronin Publishing

Evil, Copyright 2001, Alderac Entertainment Group

Good, Copyright 2002, Alderac Entertainment Group

Undead, Copyright 2001, Alderac Entertainment Group

Magic, Copyright 2002, Alderac Entertainment Group

Swashbuckling Adventures, Copyright 2002, Alderac Entertainment Group

Lock & Load: Iron Kingdoms Character Primer, Copyright 2003, Privateer Press

Relics and Rituals, Copyright 2000, White Wolf Publishing

Players Guide to Wizards, Bards and Sorcerers, Copyright 2003, White Wolf Publishing

Players Guide to Fighters and Barbarians, Copyright 2003, White Wolf Publishing

Spells and Spellcraft, Copyright 2002, Fantasy Flight Games

School of Evocation, Copyright 2003, Fantasy Flight Games

School of Illusion, Copyright 2003, Fantasy Flight Games

Slaves of the Moon, Copyright 2004, Paradigm Concepts, Inc.

Shattered Dreams, Copyright 2003, Paradigm Concepts, Inc.

In the Shadow of the Devil, Copyright 2000, Paradigm Concepts, Inc

Legacy of Damnation, Copyright 2005, Paradigm Concepts, Inc.

Player’s Guide to Arcanis, Copyright 2004, Paradigm Concepts, Inc.

Ssethregore: In the Coils of the Serpent Empire, Copyright 2004 Paradigm Concepts, Inc.

City of Secrets, Copyright 2004, Paradigm Concepts, Inc.

Magic of Arcanis, Copyright 2005, Paradigm Concepts, Inc.

Forged in Magic: Revised and Expanded, Copyright 2006, Paradigm Concepts, Inc.

END OF LICENSE
Except as otherwise identified, all portions of this publication are © 2000-2006 Paradigm Concepts, Inc. All
rights reserved. The mention of, use of or reference to any company, trademark or product in this publication
is not a challenge to the trademark of copyright in question. Dungeons & Dragons ® and D&D® are registered
trademarks of Wizards of the Coast and are used with permission. “Wizards of the Coast is a trademark of
Wizards of the Coast, Inc. in the United States and other countries and is used with permission.” The D20
System and D20 System Logo are registered trademarks of Wizards of the Coast and are used under the terms
of the D20 System Trademark License Version 6.0. The D20 System Trademark License Version 6.0a can be
found at: http://www.wizards.com/d20/files/d20stlv6.rtf

LIMITED LICENSE FOR THE USE OF PRODUCT IDENTITY (PI)
Paradigm Concepts, Inc. hereby grants royalty-free limited license to use the Arcanis specific PI elements
which appear in the names of Spells, Feats or Bloodline Powers contained in this book in OGL publications.
Use of PI elements is restricted to using those PI elements in the Spell Name, Feat Name, Magic Item Name
or Bloodline Power name and for no other use. EXAMPLE: The Bloodline Power name “Cadic Guides
My Hand” may be used to apply to the Bloodline Power “Cadic Guides My Hand” even though the name
“Cadic” remains PI of Paradigm Concepts, Inc. From this example alone, the name “Cadic” cannot be used
in any other way except where it appears as part of the name of the Bloodline Power “Cadic Guides My
Hand.” Any publication making use of such PI must bear a notice declaring 1) the Feat, Spell or Bloodline
Power name is reserved Product Identity and 2) the Feat, Spell or Bloodline Power name is copyright 2006
Paradigm Concepts, Inc.

DESIGNATION OF OPEN CONTENT:
Regardless of placement within this publication, all art and narrative fiction is CLOSED CONTENT.

Regardless of placement within this publication, the following terms are CLOSED CONTENT: Arcanis,
Onara, the World of Shattered Empires, the slogan ‘Leave Your Mark Upon the Shattered Empires’, the
tag line ‘Mortals Stumble in Darkness; Heroes Light the Way’, Anshar, Althares, Belisarda, Beltine, Cadic,
Kassegore, Illir, Hurrian, Nier, Sarish, Neroth, Umor, Larissa, Yarris, Saluwe, Coryan, Coryani, Milandir,
Milandisian, Canceri, Elorii, Solanos Mor, Nol Dappa, Tultipet, Bealak Gempor, Deneki, Tir Bertoq, Encali,
Ymandragore, Altheria, Ssethragore, Malfelen, Entaris, Seremas, Elonbe, Eltheleos, Khitani Empire, Ying
hir, Skohir, Pengic, Kio, Kion, Undir, Voei, Grand Coryan, Old Coryan, Savonna, Sulpecci, Abbessios,
Toranesta, Myrantia, Ardekene, Kelekene, Ossalikene, Marokene, Berokene, Valentia, Enpybn, Salantis,
Illonia, Balantica, Cafela, Garundi, Ghauma, Magra, Nishanpur, Vrain, Hunder, Ventaka, Ashoka, Arkoshia,
Kielmun, Lowach, Sobuk, Ashvan, Vulgast, Naeraanth, Yerrvak, Boskowitz, Treslau, Tralia, Lustia, Sylvania,
Moratavia, Faervalden, Faerdlau, Mil Takara, Censure, Erduk, Sicaris, val’Assante, val’Abebi, val’Sheem,
val’Borda, val’Mehan, val’Ossan, val’Sungha, val’Bausciz, val’Haupt, val’Sosi, val’Dellenov, val’Emman,
val’Holryn, val’Inares, val’Ishi, val’Tensen, val’Virdan, val’Trisin, The Azure Way, The Hawk, The Shield,
The Twilight Bough, the Emerald Society, the Mourners in Silence, the Orthodoxy, the Order of the White
Veil, the Voiceless Ones, Capharra, Lillyfel, Uggur, Blackwand, Nerrothian, Sarishan, Nierite, Hurrianic,
Illirite, Ss’ressen, Ssanu, Nelgazzi, Auxun, Auxunite, The Sleeping Emperor, Uhxbractit, Magadan, Kou,
Kukkomir, Himmatah, Bastion, Tenji, Pleasance, Zhuan, Kautang, Sang-Dur, Sarasta, Muu, Vethen, Gaz,
Metchaa, Angol, Stonefall, Lordship of Iron, Tulemigantzi, Ghashmet, Buhez, Caneturee, Ghashmet, Chuhar,
Hamaimon, Kutcharg, Meliol, Tulemigantzi, Zalanadere, val’Vasik, Sanctorum of the Arcane, Gamelus
Pravis,

Regardless of placement within this publication, any mention of any other company’s trademark or title of
work is CLOSED CONTENT