This is a framework for a PCGen dataset. It is meant for beginners who want to take their first steps in entering their own
custom data into PCGen and have found that the built-in List Editors are too limiting for what they intend to do.

To use this, first find the corresponding *.lst files for your kind of data (e.g. My_classes.lst if you want to add a new
class) and enter your new data there. Each *.lst file includes an example to give you a feel for how an entry in that
particaluar type of file would look like. You can simply delete the example and comments in there, if you feel you don't
need them anymore.

If you need information how to set up a LST file, start PCGen and click on Documentation in the Help menu. That will bring
up a browser window in which you should click 'List Files'. This will open a menu tree that includes the option 'LST File
Class' which will guide you through your first steps.

After editing the *.lst file you need to edit the MyCampaign.pcc file. For every one of the *.lst files included, I have
set up a line that calls it, but is commented out by use of a '#' character. Remove the '#' from the beginning of the cor-
responding line. You might also want to change the game mode, as it is now set to '35e', if your custom data is meant for
a different game mode.

There is also a file called OGL.txt, which we always need to distribute with data that is coming from an Open Game Content
Source. It is here because the examples in the *.lst files were mostly drawn from our dataset for the 3.5 System Reference
Document. It is not needed for your dataset to function.

Frank Kliewe, 2005-12-07

PS.
If you use this framework to set up a dataset of your own, then you may want to rename the folder and files to something
different. Otherwise if you ever should install a newer version of PCGen into your existing directory or needed to re-install
your existing installation of PCGen, your changes would get overwritten and thus be lost.
