Advanced Ki Power (Ex or Sp): [Qinggong Monk] These advanced ki powers follow the rules for ki powers, found in the monk talents section. Ki powers of 20th level are listed with grand talents. A monk must have a ki pool to select this advanced talent. This advanced talent may be taken more than once. Each time it is taken, the monk gains a new ki power of his level or less.

Aspect Master (Su): [Monk of the Four Winds] The monk chooses an aspect of one of the great spirits of the world. This spirit grants the monk a new appearance and new abilities, as well as changing or augmenting the monk's personality in some way. Once this choice is made, it cannot be changed. The monk must abide by the alignment restrictions of the aspect. If the monk ever changes his alignment to something outside the aspect's alignment restrictions, he loses this ability and cannot regain it unless his alignment later changes again to match that of the aspect. This advanced talent may be taken more than once. Each time it is taken the monk selects a new aspect and adds its abilities and some of its appearance (subject to GM approval).

Abundant Step (Su): The monk can slip magically between spaces, as if using the spell dimension door. Using this ability is a move action that consumes 2 points from his ki pool. His caster level for this effect is equal to his monk level. He cannot take other creatures with him when he uses this ability. A monk must have a ki pool and be at least 12th level to take this advanced talent. 

Defensive Roll (Ex): [Martial Artist] The monk gains the defensive roll advanced rogue talent and may use it once per day, plus once per three levels beyond 13th (to a maximum of 3 times a day at 19th level). A monk must be at least 13th level to select this advanced talent. 
Diamond Body (Su): The monk gains immunity to poisons of all kinds. 

Diamond Soul (Ex): The monk gains spell resistance equal to his current monk level + 10. In order to affect the monk with a spell, a spellcaster must get a result on a caster level check (1d20 + caster level) that equals or exceeds the monk's spell resistance. A monk must be at least 13th level to select this advanced talent. 

Blindsight (Ex): The monk's senses are so acute, he gains blindsight out to a range of 10 feet. A monk must be 15th level and have the blindsense talent and improved blindsense advanced talent to take this advanced talent.

Constricting Grappler (Ex)*: [Tetori] The monk gains the constrict special attack, inflicting his unarmed strike damage on any successful grapple check. A monk must be 15th level and have the graceful grappler edge to select this advanced talent.

Drunken Courage (Su): [Drunken Master] The monk is immune to fear as long as he has at least 1 point of drunken ki. A monk must have the drunken ki talent to take this advanced talent. 

Drunken Resilience (Ex): [Drunken Master] The monk gains DR 1/— as long as he has at least 1 point of drunken ki. At 14th level, the DR increases to 2/—. At 18th level, it increases to 3/—. If the monk also has the adamantine monk, the DR from that talent stacks with DR gained from this advances talent. This is an exception to the normal rules for DR. A monk must have the drunken ki talent to take this advanced talent.

Empty Body (Su): The monk gains the ability to assume an ethereal state for 1 minute as though using the spell etherealness. Using this ability is a move action that consumes 3 points from his ki pool. This ability only affects the monk and cannot be used to make other creatures ethereal. A monk must have a ki pool and be at least 15th level to take this advanced talent. 

Firewater Breath (Su): [Drunken Master] The monk can take a drink and expel a gout of alcohol-fueled fire in a 30-foot cone. Creatures within the cone take 1d6 points of fire damage per level of the monk. A successful Reflex saving throw (DC 10 + 1/2 the monk's level + the monk's Wis modifier) halves the damage. Using this ability is a standard action that consumes 4 ki points from the monk's ki pool. The monk must have at least 1 drunken ki point to use this ability. A monk must have the drunken ki talent or have taken the aspect of the dragon with the aspect master advanced talent to select this advanced talent. A monk with aspect of the dragon may deal acid, cold, or electricity damage instead of fire damage if that matches the dragon type their appearance is based on. Once this decision is made, it cannot be changed.

Form Lock (Su): [Tetori] The monk can negate a polymorph effect by touch with a Wisdom check, adding a bonus equal to his monk level, against a DC of 11 + the caster level of the effect (or HD of the creature, for supernatural polymorph effects). This is a standard action requiring 2 points from the monk's ki pool, or an immediate action if a creature the monk is grappling attempts to use a polymorph effect. A monk must have a ki pool and the graceful grappler edge to select this advanced talent.

Greater Bastion Stance (Ex): [Monk of the Sacred Mountain] The monk becomes like stone, nearly impossible to move when he stands his ground. If the monk starts and ends his turn in the same space, he cannot be knocked prone or forcibly moved until the start of his next turn, even by mind-affecting and teleportation effects. The monk must have the bastion stance talent to select this advanced talent.

Greater Defensive Roll (Ex): [Martial Artist] The monk suffers no damage on a successful defensive roll, and only half damage if the Reflex saving throw fails. A monk must be at least 14th level and have the defensive roll advanced talent to take this advanced talent.

Greater Ki Sacrifice (Sp): [Monk of the Healing Hand] When using his ki sacrifice ability, the monk may sacrifice his ki to cast resurrection. The monk must have at least 8 points of ki in his ki pool to use this ability. A monk must be 15th level, have a ki pool, and have taken the ancient healing hand talent and ki sacrifice advanced talent to take this advanced talent. 

Greater Ki Weapons (Su)*: [Monk of the Empty Hand] The monk's ki weapons ability limit increases to 5 ki per round. A monk must be 15th level and have a ki pool and the ki weapons advanced talent to take this advanced talent.

Improved Blindsense (Ex): The range of the monk's blindsense extends to 60 feet. A monk must be 13th level and have the blindsense talent to take the improved blindsense advanced talent.

Improved Elusive Target (Ex): [Flowing Monk] When the monk uses his elusive target talent, he suffers no damage on a successful save, or half damage on a failed save.  A monk must have the elusive target talent to take this advanced talent. 

Improved Extreme Endurance (Ex): [Martial Artist] The monk gains immunity to exhaustion. If the monk is at least 15th level, he also gains immunity to stunning. A monk must have the extreme endurance talent to take this advanced talent.

Improved Fuse Style*: [Master of Many Styles] The monk can fuse four styles at once. He can have the stances of four style feats active at the same time. Furthermore, he can enter up to four stances as a free action by spending 1 point from his ki pool. A monk must have taken the fuse style talent twice to take improved fuse style.

Improved Punishing Kick (Ex)*: [Hungry Ghost] The monk can push the target of his Punishing Kick an additional 5 feet, +5 feet per 5 levels above 10th (10 feet at 10th level, 15 feet at 15th level, and 20 feet at 20th level). A monk of 15th level or higher can instead choose to push the target 5 feet and knock the target prone with the same attack. The target still gets a saving throw to avoid being knocked prone. A monk must have the Punishing Kick feat to take the improved Punishing Kick advanced talent.

Inescapable Grasp (Su): [Tetori] The monk can spend 1 point from his ki pool to suppress his opponents' freedom of movement and magical bonuses to Escape Artist or on checks to escape a grapple, and to have his grapple be considered to have the ghost touch magic weapon ability. These effects last until the end of the monk's next turn. A monk must have a ki pool and the graceful grappler edge to select this advanced talent.

Ki Sacrifice (Sp): [Monk of the Healing Hand] The monk can use his entire ki pool to bring a person back to life. It takes 1 hour to perform this ritual. At the end of the ritual, the monk sacrifices all of his ki in order to cast raise dead (as the spell) with a caster level equal to his monk level. The ritual uses all of the ki in the monk's ki pool; the monk must have at least 6 points of ki in his ki pool to use this ability. These rituals do not require material components. When this ability is used, the monk's ki pool is not replenished until 24 hours have passed. A monk must have a ki pool and the ancient healing hand talent to take this advanced talent.

Ki Weapons (Su)*: [Monk of the Empty Hand, Sohei, Zen Archer] The monk may spend ki to grant an enhancement bonus or magical weapon abilities to a weapon or his natural or unarmed attacks for 1 round, at the rate of 1 point of ki per +1 bonus or its equivalent. The monk may not spend more than 3 points of ki at one time for this purpose. For example, a monk can spend 2 points of ki to give his weapon a +1 enhancement bonus and the ki focus quality, or just the flaming burst quality. The monk may use this ability to add magical weapon qualities to weapons that could not normally have such a quality, such as adding the disruption quality to a slashing weapon, or the vorpal quality to a bludgeoning weapon. A monk must have a ki pool to take this advanced talent. 

Life from a Stone (Su): [Hungry Ghost] The monk can use his life funnel and steal ki talents against creatures of any type, not just living creatures. A monk must have a ki pool and the life funnel and steal ki talents to take this advanced talent.

Mystic Persistence (Su): [Ki Mystic] The monk can create an aura once per day as a swift action at the cost of at least 2 points of ki. The aura emanates out to a 20-foot radius. The monk and all allies within the aura can roll two dice when making an attack roll or a saving throw and take the better result. The aura lasts for 1 round, plus an additional round for every 2 ki points spent when the monk created the aura. The monk can dismiss the aura at any time as a free action, but the ki points for the full duration of the aura are lost. A monk must be at least 19th level, have the ki mystic and mystic insight talents, as well as the mystic visions advanced talent, to take this advanced talent. 

Mystic Prescience (Su): [Ki Mystic] The monk gains a +2 insight bonus to AC and CMD. At 20th level, the bonus increases to +4. A monk must be at least 13th level, have the ki mystic and mystic insight talents, as well as the mystic visions advanced talent, to take this advanced talent. 

Mystic Visions (Su): [Ki Mystic] The monk can receive mystic visions when he rests. These visions can come as a dream, an epiphany, or even as the voice of an old friend whispering in the monk's mind. The effect is similar to a divination spell with a caster level equal to the monk's level. The divination has no casting time; it is just part of the normal dreams or visions that occur every night. Using this ability costs 2 ki points that are removed from the next day's total. A monk must have a ki pool and the mystic insight talent to take this advanced talent.

Quivering Palm (Su)*: The monk can set up vibrations within the body of another creature that can thereafter be fatal if the monk so desires. He can use this quivering palm attack once per day, and he just announce his intent before making his attack roll. Creatures immune to critical hits cannot be affected. Otherwise, if the monk makes a successful attack and the target takes damage from the blow, the quivering palm attack succeeds.  Thereafter, the monk can try to slay the victim at any later time, as long as the attempt is made within a number of days equal to his monk level. To make such an attempt, the monk merely wills the target to die (a free action), and unless the target makes a Fortitude saving throw (DC 10 + 1/2 the monk's level + the monk's Wis modifier), it dies. If the saving throw is successful, the target is no longer in danger from that particular quivering palm attack, but it may still be affected by another one at a later time. A monk can have no more than 1 quivering palm in effect at one time. If a monk uses quivering palm while another is still in effect, the previous effect is negated. A monk must be at least 15th level to select this advanced talent. This advanced talent may be taken a second time, allowing the monk to use quivering palm twice per day. The monk may still only have one quivering palm effect active at a time – is a second quivering palm is initiative while a previous use of the ability is active, the earlier use ends harmlessly.

Sipping Demon (Su)*: [Hungry Ghost] The monk gains 1 temporary hit point each time he hits an enemy with a melee attack. The monk gains a number of temporary hit points equal to his Wisdom modifier when he scores a critical hit. The maximum number of temporary hit points the monk can have is equal to his monk level. The temporary hit points disappear 1 hour later. The monk can only use this ability when he has at least 1 ki point in his ki pool. A monk must be at least 13th level, have a ki pool, and have the life funnel and steal ki talents to take this advanced talent.
Slow Time (Su): [Monk of the Four Winds]

The monk can use his ki to slow time or
quicken his movements, depending on the
observer. As a swift action, the monk can
expend 6 ki points to gain three standard
actions during his turn instead of just one.
The monk can use these actions to do the
following: take a melee attack action, use
a skill, use an extraordinary ability, or take
a move action. The monk cannot use these
actions to cast spells or use spell-like abilities,
and cannot combine them to take full-attack
actions. Any move actions the monk makes this
turn do not provoke attacks of opportunity.
A monk must have a ki pool to take this
advanced talent.
Sweeping Maneuver (Ex)*: [Maneuver Master]
The monk can make two combat maneuvers as
a standard action, as long as neither maneuver
requires the monk to move. He may perform
two identical maneuvers against two adjacent
enemies, or he may perform two different
combat maneuvers against the same target.
Timeless Body (Ex): The monk no longer
takes penalties to his ability scores for aging and
cannot be magically aged. Any such penalties
that he has already taken, however, remain in
place. Age bonuses still accrue, and the monk
still dies of old age when his time is up.
Tongue of the Sun and Moon (Ex): The monk
can speak with any living creature.
Touch of Peace (Su): [Monk of the Lotus] The
monk can set up vibrations within the body of
another creature to win over the creature's mind.
The monk can use touch of peace once per day,
and must announce his intent before making his
attack roll. On a successful hit, the attack deals
no damage, but the target is charmed as if the
monk had cast charm monster with a caster level
equal to the monk's level. The target does not get
a saving throw against this effect. The creature
is charmed for 1 day per level. If the monk or
his allies attack the charmed creature, or if the
monk asks or commands the charmed creature
to take hostile actions, the effect ends. This is a
mind-affecting charm effect.
A monk must be 15th level, have a ki pool,
and have both the touch of serenity talent and
improved touch of serenity talents to take this
advanced talent.
Touch of Surrender (Su): [Monk of the Lotus]
The monk makes a foe into a friend with a single
show of mercy. As an immediate action, when
one of his melee attacks would reduce a creature
to 0 or fewer hit points, the monk can spend 6 ki
points to make the target of that attack surrender.
When the target surrenders, it is reduced to 0 hit
points, becomes disabled, and is charmed, as if the
monk had cast charm monster with a caster level
equal to the monk's level. The target does not
get a saving throw against this effect. This
charm lasts until its duration expires, until
the monk dismisses it or uses it on another
creature, or until the target is again reduced
to 0 or fewer hit points, whichever happens
first. The monk can only have one creature
charmed with touch of surrender at a time.
This is a mind-affecting charm effect.
A monk must have a ki pool, and both the
touch of serenity talent and improved touch
of serenity talents to take this advanced
talent.
Uncanny Initiative (Ex): [Weapon Master]
The monk does not need to roll for initiative.
He always treats his initiative roll as if it
resulted in any number of his choosing (from
1 to 20).
Volley Spell (Su): [Flowing Monk] When
a targeted spell or spell-like ability fails to
overcome a flowing monk's spell resistance,
he may reflect the effect onto its caster as spell
turning (as the spell) by spending a number
of points from his ki pool equal to 1/2 the
spell's level (minimum 1).
A monk must be at least 15th level and
have the diamond soul advanced talent to
take this advanced talent.
Vow of Silence (Su): [Monk of the Sacred
Mountain] The monk becomes as impassive
as stone, making a vow of silence in exchange
for greater abilities. The monk gains a +2
insight bonus to AC and CMD and a +4 bonus
on Sense Motive, Stealth, and Perception
checks. The monk does not lose the capacity
for speech, but if he ever speaks, he loses this
feature for 24 hours.
Whirlwind Maneuver (Ex)*: [Maneuver
Master] Once per day as a full-round action,
the monk can attempt a single combat
maneuver against every opponent he
threatens, as long as the combat maneuver
does not require movement. He makes
a single combat maneuver check, and it
applies to all targets.