Grand Extreme Endurance (Ex): [Martial Artist] The monk gains immunity to death effects and energy drain. A monk must have the extreme endurance talent and improved extreme endurance advanced talent to take this grand talent.

Grand Ki Power (Ex ): [Qinggong Monk] These grand ki powers follow the rules for ki powers, found in the monk talents section.  A monk must have a ki pool to select this grand talent.

Immortality (Su): [Monk of the Four Winds] The monk no longer ages. He remains in his current age category forever. Even if the monk comes to a violent end, he spontaneously reincarnates (as the spell) 24 hours later in a place of his choosing within 20 miles of the place he died. The monk must have visited the place in which he returns back to life at least once. 

Master of Dragons (Ex): The monk a magical creature. He is forevermore treated as an outsider rather than as a humanoid (or whatever the monk's creature type was) for the purpose of spells and magical effects. Additionally, he may assume the form of a dragon twice per day. This ability works like form of the dragon II but is an extraordinary ability. His caster level for this effect is equal to his effective sorcerer levels for his draconic bloodline. Whenever he casts form of the dragon, he must assume the form of a dragon that matches his appearance from aspect of the dragon. A monk must have the aspect of the dragon from the aspect master to take this grand talent. 

Perfect Self (Ex): The monk becomes a magical creature. He is forevermore treated as an outsider rather than as a humanoid (or whatever the monk's creature type was) for the purpose of spells and magical effects. Additionally, the monk gains damage reduction 10/chaotic, which allows him to ignore the first 10 points of damage from any attack made by a nonchaotic weapon or by any natural attack made by a creature that doesn't have similar damage reduction. Unlike other outsiders, the monk can still be brought back from the dead as if he were a member of his previous creature type.

Perfect Style (Ex)*: [Master of Many Styles] The monk can have the stances of five style feats active at once, and can change those stances as a free action. A monk must have taken the fuse style talent twice and the improved fuse style advanced talent to select this grand talent. 

Pure Power: [Weapon Adept] The monk forsakes the ideals of the perfect self to become a bastion of the physical and mental virtues monks hold dear. The monk gains a +2 bonus to Strength, Dexterity, and Wisdom. 

True Sacrifice (Su): [Monk of the Healing Hand] In a final selfless act, the monk can draw in his entire ki, which then explodes outward in a 50-foot-radius emanation. All dead allies within the emanation are brought back to life, as if they were the subject of a true resurrection spell with a caster level equal to the monk's level. When the monk does this, he is truly and utterly destroyed. A monk destroyed in this way can never come back to life, not even by way of a wish or miracle spell or by the power of a deity. Furthermore, the monk's name can never be spoken or written down again. All written mentions of his name become nothing more than a blank space. A monk must have a ki pool, and have taken the ancient healing hand talent and ki sacrifice advanced talent to take this grand talent.